# Oral-Math-Master

If you encounter any problems during use

Please contact us:

Email: OralMathMaster@gmail.com

Oral Math Master Privacy Policy

This application respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the Service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this app will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, this application will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This app will update this privacy policy from time to time. By agreeing to this Application Services Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Application Service Agreement. 1. Scope (a) The information on your browser and computer that the application automatically receives and records when you use the application web service or access the web page of this application, including but not limited to your IP address, browsing The type of device, the language used, the date and time of access, the hardware and software features, and the web page records you require; you understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy: (a) You are collecting this application. Relevant information data published by this application, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details; (b) violation of the law or violation of this application rule and the measures that this application has taken against you. 2. Use of Information (a) This application does not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and the application (including the affiliate of this application) Providing services to you individually or collectively, and after the service is over, it will be banned from accessing all such materials that it has previously been able to access. (b) This application also does not permit any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means. Any user of this application platform who engages in the above activities, once found, the application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user. 3. Information Disclosure In the following circumstances, this application will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or the law: (a) disclose to third parties with your prior consent; (b) provide you with The required products and services, and must share your personal information with third parties; (c) disclose to third parties or administrative and judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law, or administrative or judicial requirements; (d) if you In case of violation of relevant Chinese laws, regulations or this application service agreement or related rules, it needs to be disclosed to third parties; (e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should be asked by the complainant to The complainant discloses so that the parties can handle possible rights disputes; (f) in a transaction created on this application platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially fulfills the transaction obligation and requests for information disclosure, the application has the right to decide Provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute. (g) Other disclosures that this application considers appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies. 4. Information Storage and Exchange The information and materials collected by you in this application will be stored on the application and/or the servers of its affiliates, which may be transmitted to your country, region or this application to collect information and The data is located outside the country and is accessed, stored and displayed outside the country. 5. Use of Cookies (a) In the event that you do not refuse to accept cookies, the App will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use cookies based on this application platform service or feature. This app uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services, including promotional services. (b) You have the right to accept or reject the acceptance of cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use this application web service or feature that relies on cookies. (c) This policy will apply to information obtained through the cookies provided in this application. 6. Information Security (a) This application account has security protection functions. Please keep your username and password information safe. This application will ensure that your information is not lost, not abused or altered, by security measures such as encrypting user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no “perfect security measures” on the information network. (b) When using this application web service for online transactions, you will inevitably have to deal with the counterparty or potential transaction pair
